Emily is a full-time student with a
history of respiratory problems.
She recently moved into a new house and has
some concerns about the houses indoor air quality.
Emily purchased a QuaLights device to
monitor the air quality in her home and
to better understand how to improve the air quality.
After following directions on syncing
the QuaLights box to the app on her phone,
Emily answers survey questions
in the app.
QuaLights then personalizes the settings for the air quality hazards
it monitors for and also provides additional
information on each of those hazards.
Emily then places the box somewhere in her home.
She can place multiple boxes if she
chooses for better coverage.
Sometime later Emily notices that
QuaLights is lit up a pink notification light.
Emily also receive a
notification on her phone that tells her
that QuaLights detects a high level of
humidity.
Emily opens up the QuaLights app
and navigates to the notification screen.
She taps on the most recent notification and
follows the listed next
steps to resolve the notification.